fix(kradio): show-card-radio and card-orientation props [KHCP-13540] (#2504)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/radio.md

</script>
```

### cardOrientation

> Prop for changing card orientation. Default value is `vertical`, the alternative to which is `horizontal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used alongside the [`card` prop](/components/radio#card) to set the orientation of the card layout.

Accepted values are `vertical` (shown above) or `horizontal`. Defaults to `vertical`.
```

<KRadio
  v-model="horizontalCard"
  card
  card-orientation="horizontal"
  description="Choose this option if you want your APIs to only be accessible from within your private network."
  label="Private"
  selected-value="private"
>
  <KBadge appearance="success">
    Recommended
  </KBadge>
</KRadio>
<KRadio
  v-model="horizontalCard"
  card
  card-orientation="horizontal"
  description="Choose this option if you want your APIs to be publicly accessible by anyone on the internet."
  label="Public"
  selected-value="public"

> />

Reviewer: _(I'm not sure anything can be done here, just pointing it out)_

Using this docs layout as an example, I'm not sure it looks great that the text between the two horizontal cards doesn't line up when the Recommended badge is present
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0a853c8-e733-4fc6-91bc-74c77f29ef03)

Notice the text in the second card extends further to the right. If I make the text longer it's more noticable:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51913efd-7b08-49d2-aee4-dd325a8f78b7)

```html
<KRadio
  card-orientation="horizontal"
  v-model="cardRadio"
  description="Choose this option if you want your APIs to only be accessible from within your private network."
  card
  label="Private"
  selected-value="private"
>
  <KBadge appearance="success">
    Recommended
  </KBadge>
</KRadio>
<KRadio
  card-orientation="horizontal"
  v-model="cardRadio"
  description="Choose this option if you want your APIs to be publicly accessible by anyone on the internet."
  card
  label="Public"
  selected-value="public"
/>

> ```

Author: Yeah that's super nit
I'll keep it as is if you don't mind (this order pleases me aesthetically 😅)

> ### showCardRadio

Reviewer: suggestion/nit: All of the other `card` props are prefixed with `card*` -- could we rename this prop to `cardRadioVisible` so that it is more similar?

Author: Done
